paste: likelihood_data/ft_vs_bt_data.txt: No such file or directory
"2D_plot.gnuplot", line 15: warning: Skipping data file with no valid points
paste: likelihood_data/ft_vs_rad_data.txt: No such file or directory
"2D_plot.gnuplot", line 30: warning: Skipping data file with no valid points
paste: likelihood_data/ft_vs_rr_data.txt: No such file or directory
"2D_plot.gnuplot", line 45: warning: Skipping data file with no valid points
paste: likelihood_data/ft_vs_m_data.txt: No such file or directory
"2D_plot.gnuplot", line 60: warning: Skipping data file with no valid points
paste: likelihood_data/ft_vs_mr_data.txt: No such file or directory
"2D_plot.gnuplot", line 75: warning: Skipping data file with no valid points
paste: likelihood_data/bt_vs_r_data.txt: No such file or directory
"2D_plot.gnuplot", line 90: warning: Skipping data file with no valid points
paste: likelihood_data/bt_vs_rr_data.txt: No such file or directory
"2D_plot.gnuplot", line 105: warning: Skipping data file with no valid points
paste: likelihood_data/bt_vs_m_data.txt: No such file or directory
"2D_plot.gnuplot", line 120: warning: Skipping data file with no valid points
paste: likelihood_data/bt_vs_mr_data.txt: No such file or directory
"2D_plot.gnuplot", line 135: warning: Skipping data file with no valid points
paste: likelihood_data/r_vs_rr_data.txt: No such file or directory
"2D_plot.gnuplot", line 150: warning: Skipping data file with no valid points
paste: likelihood_data/r_vs_m_data.txt: No such file or directory
"2D_plot.gnuplot", line 165: warning: Skipping data file with no valid points
paste: likelihood_data/r_vs_mr_data.txt: No such file or directory
"2D_plot.gnuplot", line 180: warning: Skipping data file with no valid points
paste: likelihood_data/rr_vs_m_data.txt: No such file or directory
"2D_plot.gnuplot", line 195: warning: Skipping data file with no valid points
paste: likelihood_data/rr_vs_mr_data.txt: No such file or directory
"2D_plot.gnuplot", line 210: warning: Skipping data file with no valid points
paste: likelihood_data/m_vs_mr_data.txt: No such file or directory
"2D_plot.gnuplot", line 225: warning: Skipping data file with no valid points

set palette greyscale
            ^
"2D_plot.gnuplot", line 8: invalid palette option


set palette fit2rgbformulae
            ^
"2D_plot.gnuplot", line 8: invalid palette option

	Current palette is
	    set palette rgbformulae 7,5,15

	Current palette is
	    set palette rgbformulae 7,5,15

	Current palette is
	    set palette rgbformulae 7,5,15

	Current palette is
	    set palette rgbformulae 7,5,15

	Current palette is
	    set palette rgbformulae 7,5,15

	Current palette is
	    set palette rgbformulae 7,5,15

	Current palette is
	    set palette rgbformulae 7,5,15

	Current palette is
	    set palette rgbformulae 7,5,15

	Current palette is
	    set palette rgbformulae 7,5,15

	Current palette is
	    set palette rgbformulae 7,5,15

	Current palette is
	    set palette rgbformulae 7,5,15

	Current palette is
	    set palette rgbformulae 7,5,15

	Current palette is
	    set palette rgbformulae 7,5,15

	Current palette is
	    set palette rgbformulae 7,5,15

	Current palette is
	    set palette rgbformulae 7,5,15

